feat(docs): Introduce Conventional Commits & release process docs (#717)
noir-lang/noir: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Noir

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Noir! We value your contributions in making Noir better.

This guide will discuss how the Noir team handles [Commits](#commits), [Pull Requests](#pull-requests), [Merging](#merging), [Releases](#releases), and the [Changelog](#changelog).

__Note:__ We won't force external contributors to follow this verbatim, but following these guidelines definitely helps us in accepting your contributions.

## Commits

We want to keep our commits small and focused. This allows for easily reviewing individual commits and/or splitting up pull requests when they grow too big. Additionally, this allows us to merge smaller changes quicker and release more often.

When committing, it's often useful to use the `git add -p` workflow to decide on what parts of the changeset to stage for commit. When making the commit, write the commit message as a Conventional Commit.

### Conventional Commits

> As of the [1234567](https://github.com/noir-lang/noir/commit/1234567) commit, Noir follows the [Conventional Commits (v1.0.0)](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) specification. Following this convention allows us to provide an automated release process that also generates a detailed Changelog.

Reviewer: Just making a note that we need to remember to come back and update this commit later.

Author: Let's call it d78c938cb260368bcf5c7a54ced9ae83bfc3d800
```suggestion
As of the [d78c938](https://github.com/noir-lang/noir/commit/d78c938cb260368bcf5c7a54ced9ae83bfc3d800) commit, Noir follows the [Conventional Commits (v1.0.0)](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) specification. Following this convention allows us to provide an automated release process that also generates a detailed Changelog.
```

For example, given the default squash commit message:

```
feat(syntax): Implement first-class functions (#123)

* clippy

* formatting

* chore(ci): Use correct rust version

* review comment changes

* Accepted suggestion from @phated

* clippy
```

The person merging would remove extrenous messaging and keep only the relavent Conventional Commits:

```
feat(syntax): Implement String data type (#123)

chore(ci): Use correct rust version
```

Additional Conventional Commits can be added before squashing if they improve the Changelog or commit history:

```
feat(syntax): Implement String data type (#123)

chore(ci): Use correct rust version
chore(clippy): Update all println calls to use single argument syntax
```

### Merge Checklist

Before merging, you should mentally review these questions:

- Is continuous integration passing?
- Do you have the required amount of approvals?
- Does anyone else need to be pinged for thoughts?

> - Will this cause problems for our release schedule? For example: maybe a patch release still needs to be published.

Reviewer 2: While releases are automatically built from the `master` branch, we could merge our PRs into a new `dev` branch by default (that's periodically copied over to `master` depending on release cadence).

That way we can enjoy the flexibility to merge specific patching PRs directly into `master` when needed.

Reviewer 2: Alternatively we can also do [merge queues](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/incorporating-changes-from-a-pull-request/merging-a-pull-request-with-a-merge-queue), but that seems more manually involved than I'd like.

Reviewer 3: Having a dev/master branch gives a lot of flexibility but it also comes at a cost.
I think the stable/nightly releases scheme avoid this cost, since the stable release is stable (because it was tested for a long time), there is not need to apply critical bug fixes to it (else it means the release was not stable), so you do not need the flexibility to cherry-pick a bug fix.

Reviewer 4: I'd rather keep development on master and move releases to release branches if anything. Releases could be tagged commits on master to avoid clogging up branches, and we can still retroactively branch off these commits to add patches later if needed.

Reviewer: Agreed on keeping development on master (at least for the near future) rather than having a dev branch.

Author: I agree with that `dev` branch *shouldn't* be necessary because master will be the rolling development trunk where nightlies will be produced and release-please creates the tags on the release commit for us (and we can backport changes in a branch if we need to, but that will require some additional CI changes).
